README for `hap parse` (#1916)
kyma-project/kyma-environment-broker: cmd/parser/README.md

> # HAP parser

Reviewer: ```suggestion
# HAP Parser
```

> This folder contains sources of the tools that allow you to verify the correctness of the Hyperscaler Account Pool (HAP) configuration.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This folder contains the sources of the tools for verifying the correctness of the Hyperscaler Account Pool (HAP) configuration.
```

> ### Build tool

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### Build Tool
```

> Run the following command to build the binary:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To build the binary, run the following command:
```

```
make build-hap
```

> Executable file `hap` will be created in the `./bin` directory.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The executable `hap` file is created in the `./bin` directory.
```

### Running

> Run the following command to show the help message for the `parse` command:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To show the help message for the `parse` command, run:
```

```
./bin/hap parse -h
```

### Examples

> Run the following command to verify the correctness of the HAP configuration and check which rule will be matched given the provisioning data:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To verify the correctness of the HAP configuration and check which rule is matched given the provisioning data, run the following command:
```
